Directory Usage (See also issue #58) : Housekeeping scripts
===========================================================

This directory contains utility scripts and applications (as submodules) which
are included to assist the developers and their build/test/etc. processes.

One example is the ws_police.sh shell script (to be run in a bash shell; MSys
bash on Windows) which runs the include wsclean application to strip whitespace
and expand tabs to spaces in the selected source files to ensure you have a
standardized source file formatting, which helps reduce 'oddities' on multiple
platforms (UNIX bs. MAC vs. Windows; we've already had our share of EndOfLine
trouble with MAC) and simplifies/reduces conflict resolution and edit
comparison work (which would be using Scootersoft Beyond Compare (on Windows)
or a similar tool to assist the git processes in a more graphically enhanced
and easy way).

The scripts located in this directory include comments at the top which explain
what each script is used for.
Some scripts may be generated by others: we store generated content in git to
simplify working with the project for developers which do not have all the used
tools present on their machines (several people suggest revision control systems
should not include generated output; I'm more pragmatic in this and hence
have to disagree on that issue.)

- **git_push_pull.sh**: pull & push all submodules; ignores push failure responses which you will see for any submodule which you don't have push access rights for. One-stop big-bang shop for push/pulling the entire project.

- **collect_git_remote_add_recusively.sh**: collect all `git remote` entires for all submodules; writes these into the **register_git_remotes_recursive.sh** script file so other users of this repository can quickly configure their submodules with the same set of 'remotes'.

- **register_git_remotes_recursive.sh**: bulk-add git remotes for all submodules. Generated by the script above.

